Document glusterfs logs support (#8411)
DataDog/integrations-core: glusterfs/README.md

2. [Restart the Agent][4].

> #### Log Collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Log collection
```

1. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent, enable it in your `datadog.yaml` file:

    ```yaml
    logs_enabled: true
    ```

> 2. Add this configuration block to your `glusterfs.d/conf.yaml` file to start collecting your GlusterFS logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Edit this configuration block in your `glusterfs.d/conf.yaml` file to start collecting your GlusterFS logs:
```

    ```yaml
    logs:
      - type: file
        path: /var/log/glusterfs/glusterd.log
        source: glusterfs
      - type: file
        path: /var/log/glusterfs/cli.log
        source: glusterfs
    ```

>   Change the `path` parameter value based on your environment. See the https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/glusterfs/datadog_checks/glusterfs/data/conf.yaml.example for all available configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Change the `path` parameter value based on your environment. See the [sample conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.
```
